# Authors
## Prof. Gao Feng
Prof. Gao interests include computational biology and bioinformatics with a special focus on microbial genomics and functional genomics. As the first author or corresponding author, Gao have published over 90 peer-reviewed papers in international journals, including Nucleic Acids Research, PNAS, Briefings in Bioinformatics, and Bioinformatics, and two book chapters in Methods in Molecular Biology. He developed web-based systems, such as Ori-Finder for the prediction of replication origins (oriCs) in microbial genomes, and GC-Profile for the visualization and analysis of GC content variation in genomic sequences. He also constructed online databases, such as DoriC, a database of oriC regions in both bacterial and archaeal genomes, DeOri, a database of eukaryotic DNA replication origins and DEG 15, an update of the Database of Essential Genes. Now, some of them are very popular with scientists in related fields. For example, Ori-Finder, which is cited over 200 times according to Web of Science, has been applied to annotate oriCs in hundreds of newly sequenced prokaryotic genomes including those published in Cell (Hackl et al., Cell, 2023) , Nature (Graf et al., Nature, 2021) and Nature Microbiology (Needham et al., Nature Microbiology, 2022), and has also been referred as software tool to identify replichores (Wannier et al., Nature Reviews Methods Primers, 2021). Currently, the predicted replication origins in dozens of bacteria and archaea have been confirmed by experiments, and our predictions have also been supported by the studies published in Science (Korem et al., Science, 2015) and Nature (Richardson et al., Nature, 2016).

Currently, Gao is a Faculty Member of Faculty Opinions (formerly F1000Prime) for Genomics & Genetics, the editorial board member of Genome Biology, Briefings in Bioinformatics, Genomics, Proteomics & Bioinformatics, iMeta, BMC Microbiology, Scientific Reports, Microbiology Spectrum, PLoS ONE and Associate Editor of Interdisciplinary Sciences: Computational Life Sciences and Frontiers in Microbiology.
## Assoc. Prof. Lin Yan
## Assoc. Prof. Luo Hao
## Zhang Zetong
A student from Tianjin University.